[Music]
the m5 is and always has been the
distillation of everything that makes
BMW cars special M division engineers
and down with a streak of lunacy take an
already great BMW 5-series car and add
power improve its handling and create a
sedan that takes on dedicated sports
cars like an exaggerated soap opera
character afflicted with a Disick ativ
identity disorder the 2008 BMW m5 has
multiple personalities lurking inside
its handsome body which ranged from
maniac hooligan to civilize everyday
companion say hello to the 2008 BMW m5
[Music]
the differences between a regular
production 5 Series BMW and the
no-holds-barred m5 have never been
greater first and foremost is its engine
the high revving ninety-degree 5.0 liter
v10 is an engine that was made for the
m5 exclusively and makes the car feel as
special as anything built outside of
Maranello press the button marked power
next to the shifter and you'll get 500
horsepower at 70 750 rpm and 380
pound-feet of torque at 6100 rpm don't
press the button and the intake
restricts itself to 400 horses
[Music]
aside from the engine there's the
transmission the third generation of BMW
sequential manual gearbox or SMG seven
speeds in the m5 leather covers nearly
every part of the m5 interior this
particular package allows sporty brushed
aluminum along with added leather
accents this simple modernistic
dashboard now features six programmable
memory buttons for the eye drive the
mouse and LCD control system that
controls everything from the radio
presets to M drive transmission settings
the mouse and LCD control system that
controls everything from the radio
presets to M drive transmission settings
build quality and materials inside the
m5 are outstanding while the supportive
seats and a commodious back seats
further serve to make this an easy car
to live with every day
[Music]
the 2008 BMW m5 is a local new car trade
in is car proof verified and is accident
free it's a high-performance variant of
the mid-size 5 Series performance sedan
available in only one trim level
standard equipment includes the xenon
headlamps Park Assist automatic climate
control Marino leather upholstery heated
and 16-way power adjustable sport seats
with driver memory a sunroof and
Bluetooth connectivity BMWs iDrive
vehicle management system is standard
along with M Drive performance control
and navigation system that offers
real-time traffic information the
standard stereo is a Harman Kardon Logic
7 system with 12 speakers and a glove
box mounted CD changer the 2008 BMW m5
is an extremely balanced machine that
can handle aggressive driving maneuvers
as well as it does dilapidated highways
thanks to its electronic damping control
as expected the m5 exhibits precious
little body roll in EDC sport mode along
with excellent turn in engine
performance is absolutely outstanding as
the v10 spins to its 8250 rpm redline
faster than the driver can find words to
describe it its reputation precedes it
and it continues to set the standard for
sports events everywhere for more
information on this 2008 BMW m5 give us
a call visit our website or pop in for a
closer look
[Music]